“Another one, no. Another two, drop two singles at a time.” – DJ Khaled
“Congratulations, you played yourself.” – DJ Khaled
“I can deal with everything. I got the answer for anything. This DJ Khaled.” – DJ Khaled
“I don’t have no favorite rock bands. I’m a fan of rock music though.” – DJ Khaled
“My fans expect me to be greater and keep being great.” – DJ Khaled
“The key is to make it.” – DJ Khaled
“There will be road blocks but we will overcome it.” – DJ Khaled
“They will try to close the door on you, just open it.” – DJ Khaled
“When I turn in my list, obviously every record was important to me. I didn’t just put records on there to put records on there. I was excited that “All I Do Is Win” could go on there because you hear it at the end of the game and that represents victory. That’s undeniable. You can’t hate on that, it’s impossible.” – DJ Khaled
“Always have faith. Always have hope.” – DJ Khaled
“Another one.” – DJ Khaled
“Give thanks to the most high.” – DJ Khaled
“I changed… a lot.” – DJ Khaled
"I wanted to see what type of trees is growing in Marcy Projects, what type of water Jay Z was drinking.” – DJ Khaled
“The key to more success is coco butter.” – DJ Khaled
“They don’t want you to jet ski.” – DJ Khaled
“Those that weather the storm are the great ones.” – DJ Khaled
“You smart! You loyal! You’re a genius!” – DJ Khaled
“Baby, you smart. I want you to film me taking a shower.” – DJ Khaled
“God has blessed me because I think. No I know that I’ve been put on this Earth to make people happy, to inspire people and to uplift people. That’s a beautiful thing. But the only downfall about it is that I really don’t have nobody to do that for me. But it makes me super strong because I do know that if I’m having a bad day, I can come up here and make Ebro and y’all laugh and smile.” – DJ Khaled
“I didn’t want to be an artist in the same place I worked. You could always have people that might feel like you would do something more for yourself.” – DJ Khaled
“Key to more success is clean heart and clean face.” – DJ Khaled
“That’s what we provide you know what I’m saying. When you get DJ Khaled you sound bites. You get documentaries. My interviews will play ten years from now. I ain’t regular like these other people. This is DJ Khaled, this is special cloth alert.” – DJ Khaled
“Them doors that was always closed, I ripped the doors off, took the hinges off. And when I took the hinges off, I put the hinges on the f**kboys’ hands.” – DJ Khaled
“They don’t want you to win. They don’t want you to have the No. 1 record in the country. They don’t want you get healthy. They don’t want you to exercise. And they don’t want you to have that view.” – DJ Khaled
“We go hard. In everything we do we’re going to accomplish our victory and our goal. If it takes a day, a year, or 20 years, we’re going to win. I haven’t taken a loss because everything I’ve done has been a working process to win. From being a kid on them turntables to becoming where I am is not a loss. It’s a blessing.” – DJ Khaled
“You want my advice? Don’t play yourself.” – DJ Khaled